[processor/attributes] Support attributes set by server authenticators (#9420)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/attributesprocessor/README.md

- key: <key>
  action: {insert, update, upsert}
  # FromContext specifies the context value to use to populate the attribute value. 

>   # If key is prefixed with `metadata.` or has no prefix then values are searched 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If the key is prefixed with `metadata.`, the values are searched 
```

If we ever intend to remove the support for unqualified keys, it's better to not mention the "no prefix" here.

>   # in receiver's transport protocol additional information like GRPC Metadata or HTTP Headers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # in the receiver's transport protocol additional information like gRPC Metadata or HTTP Headers. 
```

>   # If key is prefixed with `auth.` then values are searched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # If the key is prefixed with `auth.`, the values are searched
```

>   # in authentication information set by receiver authenticator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # in the authentication information set by the server authenticator. Refer to the server authenticator's documentation part of your pipeline for more information about which attributes are available.
```
